my name is Simon Stiga and today we
gonna make vina schnitzel and we use our
pork cutlets each one has about maybe
two and a half to three ounces it's thin
slices and we pound a little bit to make
a nice and tender so we put a little bit
salt on it season it a little bit of
black pepper and turn first one we put
in the flour with that just a stirred a
little bit then we put it in the egg
wash and then we put it in bread crumbs
what we use here in a restaurant we use
the Japanese bread crumbs what makes the
bean a little bit more case B on the
pork then the second one we do the same
thing which was put in the flour
toss a little bit put it in the egg wash
just let me explain a little bit and
turn in the black clubs just push it in
a little bit so the red comes to nice
and firm on the meat and the next step
which is gonna saute it off or pan fry
it in vegetable oil or olive oil and
this one is a favored dish in Austria we
call it Wiener schnitzel and it's served
in most restaurants or every home at
least once a week for the family so it's
a very quick meal it takes only a couple
minutes a cook on each side to prepare a
couple minutes so in 5-10 minutes when
you have everything ready to go you can
have your lunch or your dinner ready to
go so you don't have to stay all day in
the kitchen ok and that's it that's I
did to go
for thousands of how-to and advice
videos on any topic visit monkey-see
calm